c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.exe.config
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.exe
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.pdb
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\Windows.winmd
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.g.resources
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.exe
c:\users\iivanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\obj\Debug\WPFNotificationTest.pdb
C:\Users\IIVanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.Notifications.dll
C:\Users\IIVanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\QueryString.NETCore.dll
C:\Users\IIVanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.Notifications.pdb
C:\Users\IIVanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.Notifications.xml
C:\Users\IIVanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\QueryString.NETCore.pdb
C:\Users\IIVanenko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPFNotificationTest\WPFNotificationTest\bin\Debug\QueryString.NETCore.xml
